# [M1] A Clever Miner can have an unfair advantage and cause Financial loss to the platform through block timestamp manipulation

## Summary
The Auction Merit contract is vulnerable to block timestamp manipulation,<br/> which can be exploited to gain an unfair advantage and undermine the integrity of the auction process.<br/> The vulnerability allows the minter to manipulate the block timestamp to perform actions that deviate <br/> from the intended behavior of the contract.

## Scenarios
**Early/Late Minting**: <br/> The minter can manipulate the block timestamp to mint NFTs <br/> before the actual auction start time or after the auction time.<br/> By setting the block timestamp to a time in the future, <br/> the minter can bypass the auction restrictions and mint NFTs prematurely,<br/> giving them an unfair advantage over other participants.

**Undervalued Payment**:<br/> The minter can manipulate the block timestamp to pay for NFTs at the initial start price, <br/> even if the actual time is close to the end price. <br/> By setting the block timestamp to an earlier time, the minter can exploit the lower start price,<br/> resulting in an undervalued payment for the NFTs they acquire.

## Impact

The manipulation of the block timestamp in the AuctionMerit contract can have the following consequences:

**Unfair Advantage**: <br/> The minter can gain an unfair advantage over other participants by minting NFTs before the auction starts or paying at a lower price,<br/> distorting the fairness of the auction process.

**Financial Loss**: <br/> Legitimate participants may suffer financial losses due to undervalued payments made by the minter,<br/> as the NFTs are acquired at a lower price than intended.

## Code

```solidity
/// @notice Returns the current price
    function getPrice() public view returns(uint256) {
        // Use the current timestamp to get the current price
->        return getPriceAt(block.timestamp);
    }

    /// @notice Returns the price at a given time
    /// @param time Timestamp
    function getPriceAt(uint256 time) public view returns(uint256) {
        // If auction hasn't started yet, return start price
        if(time < startTime) {
            return startPrice;
        }
        // If auction has ended, return end price
        if(time >= endTime) {
            return endPrice;
        }

...
    }
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Try to integrate an external source of time to make the price decisions on.
